1. THE CAR GAME 

This was the Final Project for my Computer Graphics course. It is programmed in C++ and implemented for an OpenGL application. Each model in the game is created from scratch, and acts as a 3D racing game that checks for collisions for every obstacle and also keeps track of your score until you get to the finish line.
************************************************************************************************************
2. Back End Project

This was my final project in my back end of web development course at Auburn Universty at Montomery and it combined both front end and back end properties of web development in order to create an elaborate imitation of the student course enrolment portion of the university's website. On My site students would first be taken to the course screen where they may register for classes and would only be promted to the account registration/login screen if they are not already logged in. If this is ones first time using this site they will have to register an acocunt. After registration students may subsequently log in and view or edit their student profile which should look simple since they should have no registered coureses yet. Now by selecting home button in the top left corner of this page they'd be taken to a course enrolment page where they may register for the availabe classes. Each registerd class will be availabale to see on the sutdent profile orginally view after login in and one would be able to drop classes from said profile page as well. This project was made ussing html, css, php, and the MySql server. All class information is obtained through queries specified in the student.sql file posted in the database sever and said information is shown on the website as the available courese for registartion.

This project is designed to be locally hosted on ones computer and in order to run it I recommend using the Apache NetBeans IDE for the files annd Xampp as the web server. This may have to be downloaded if you dont have it already and make sure to select the Apache module and MySql module when prompted by Xampp to select which modules to include during the download. Unzip the file class project and open it in the Apache IDE as a project once you have Apache downloaded with Xampp. The option to open a project should be the third icon under the view button in the Apache IDE. One you have it opened, in the project itself under the php folder you'll see the phpmailer folder and within it several files. In the Config.php file you'll see host, user, password("pass"), database("students"), and connection. Now I actually used MySql workbench to store my file with all necesarry querries to write the datatbase used for this project. I also set my xampp port to be the same port as set for the server I created on MySQL workbench. This is becuse I placed the txt file with all said queries in MySql workbench on port 3308 and connected my Xampp server to the same port which also connected our project in the Apache IDE to the same port. Make sure when you create the server in MySql workbench that you use the localhost port:3308 if avalilable, otherwise you'll have to change the port number in the config.php file in the project to what ever port you choose to connect xampp to when you downloaded it and the mysql workbench server to when you created it. For your MySql server make sure you set the user name for said server, password, and database name to match what is written in this Config.php file in this project. The database name should be students, same as the name of the file attched in this repository called students.sql which you should upload into MySql workbench.

I will have more site uploaded here soon that are not localy hosted
**************************************************************************************************************
